In the database CAR DATA, it includes all the information that was used to create the tables Purchased Cars, Sold Cars & Profit or Loss.
•	The Purchased Cars table shows all the cars purchased by price & date purchased.
•	The Sold cars table shows all the cars sold by price & date sold.
•	Profit or Loss tables pulls from both the Purchased cars & Sold cars tables to calculate if the car sold was a profit or a loss.
For the Function table getTopProfit_N_Loss, the functionality of this table is to show the top ten most profitable cars sold & the top ten least profitable cars sold. A function is a formula that takes one or more arguments as input, processes those arguments, and returns an output. Functions are used to encapsulate logic and facilitate data manipulation within SQL queries. The View table shows all the cars sold at a profit loss. You can use a view just like any other table. When you query a view, it executes its stored query and returns a result set. Stored procedures GetAllCarSales shows the purchase & sale price, purchase & sale date buyer & seller name and the profit or loss. Stored Procedure allows you to save SQL code that you write frequently. Instead of repeating the same query over and over, you can create a stored procedure and use it whenever needed.
	The ETL package, the information is extracted from SQL tables Purchased Cars and Sold Cars. It transforms the information by joining them together. The transformed data is then loaded into a destination system, such as a database. The other table was aggregated to form the other database which summarizes the data that was customized to pull. After executing the job, both tables show up in SQL database.
